feat: Add `HasTimeScale` mixin (#2431)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/other/util.md

```

## Time Scale

> In many game it is often desirable to create slow-motion or fast-forward effect based on some in  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many games it is often desirable to create  slow-motion or fast-forward effects based on some in  
```
